readme.md, before:

﻿![](https://javascript30.com/images/JS3-social-share.png)

# JavaScript30

Starter Files + Completed solutions for the JavaScript 30 Day Challenge.

Grab the course at [https://JavaScript30.com](https://JavaScript30.com)

## Community #JavaScript30 Content

Feel free to submit a PR by adding a link to your own recaps, guides, or reviews!

* [Arjun Khode’s blog](http://thesagittariusme.blogspot.com/search/label/JS30) about summaries for each day, including fixed glitches, bugs and extra features.
* [Nitish Dayal's Text Guides](https://github.com/nitishdayal/JavaScript30) are great for those who like reading over watching.
* [Thorsten Frommen](https://tfrommen.de/tag/javascript-30/) shares how he solved the exercises before viewing the answers.
* [Soyaine 写的中文指南](https://github.com/soyaine/JavaScript30)包含了过程记录和难点解释
* [Aaron的语雀学习小组](https://github.com/A-aronYang/JavaScript30)包含中文文档，案例和相关资料
* [乔木 录制的讲解视频](https://b23.tv/pSa7rdu) 看中文讲解视频一起学习 Javascript30 吧! Javascript30 中 CSS/JS/HTML 视频讲解
* [Ayo Isaiah's](https://freshman.tech/archive/#javascript30) Recaps and Lessons Learned.
* [Adriana Rios](https://stpcollabr8nlstn.github.io/JavaScript30/) shares her alternative solutions.
* [Michael Einsohn](http://30daysofjs.michaeleinsohn.com) publishes each challenge after watching the video once.
* [Mike Ekkel](https://medium.com/@mike_ekkel/javascript-30-a-30-day-vanilla-js-challenge-6a733fc9f62c#.9frjtaje9)
* [Yusef Habib](https://github.com/yhabib/JavaScript30) lessons and tricks learned, and a [gh-page](https://yhabib.github.io/JavaScript30/) to see working all the mini-projects.
* [Amelie Yeh](https://github.com/amelieyeh/JS30) 30 lesson notes with things I've learned, and those important recaps. and directly view my demos [here](https://amelieyeh.github.io/JS30/) 🇹🇼😄
* [Winar](https://github.com/winar-jin/JavaScript30-Challenge)的JavaScript30天挑战，记录练习过程，重难点和其他的解决方案。🎨
* [Rayhatron](https://rayhatron.github.io/blog/) - walkthroughs, recaps, and lessons learned.
* [Andrei Dobra](https://github.com/andreidbr/JS30) Full repo with lessons learned and a [gh-page](https://andreidbr.github.io/JS30/) with all the exercises.
* [从零到壹全栈部落](https://github.com/liyuechun/JavaScript30-liyuechun),春哥发起的从零到壹全栈部落，旨在带领大家一起学习，一起输出，文档化，代码化，中文视频化，全栈部落口号：输出是最好的学习方式。
* [Usmaan Ali's](https://github.com/usyyy/javascript/blob/master/JavaScript30/analysis.md) summary of the technical skills learned from each project. He's also posting them as separate blog posts [here](https://medium.com/@usyyy).
* [Axel](https://github.com/afuh/js30)'s lessons learned and a [showcase](https://afuh.github.io/js30/) with the projects.
* [Chris](https://github.com/dwatow/JavaScript30) 中文實戰，目標描述、過程紀錄。
* [Muhammad D. Ramadhan's](https://miayam.github.io) blog. He shamlesly mixed his personal life with 30 day JavaScript challenge to increase his learning retention. He also summarised the challenge on [one single page](https://miayam.github.io/js30). Do not read his blog!
* [Lee Keitel's Blog](https://blog.keitel.xyz/categories/javascript30/) includes summaries of each lesson, what I learned from each one, and my thoughts about the topic taught and using them in the future.
* [Dustin Hsiao](https://github.com/dustinhsiao21/Javascript30-dustin) 包含了各篇介紹、 效果Demo、各篇詳解及記錄過程，附上部分延伸閱讀及[gh-page](https://dustinhsiao21.github.io/Javascript30-dustin/)。
* [GuaHsu](https://github.com/guahsu/JavaScript30) - 紀錄各篇練習過程與心得，並嘗試擴充部分練習，也做了一個包含全部練習的[介紹站](http://guahsu.io/JavaScript30/)🇹🇼
* [Daniela](https://github.com/misslild)'s completed challenges on [GitHub Pages](https://misslild.github.io/WesBos-30day-Coding-challenge/) and [Codepen](https://codepen.io/collection/DapZeP/) :raised_hands: :muscle: :+1:
* [Dmitrii Pashutskii's](https://github.com/guar47) code of all challenges on [GitHub with Pages](https://github.com/guar47/javascript30Summary) and review [blog posts](https://blog.dpashutskii.com/tag/javascript30/).
* [Abid Hasan's](https://github.com/sabidhasan/javascript-30) completion of all challenges. This was awesome!! Learned so much! :+1:
* [Yusong Notes](https://sky172839465.github.io/course/js30) Records Yusong JS 30 days note and demo. :star2:
* [Ding's Implementation](https://github.com/Ding-Fan/javascript30) code and online demo.
* [Herminio Torres](https://github.com/herminiotorres/JavaScript30) lessons and tricks learned, and a [gh-page](https://herminiotorres.github.io/JavaScript30/) to see working all the mini-projects.
* [Dmytro Borysovskyi](https://github.com/dimabory) says many thanks for the course to Wes 🤝 It was incredible challenge 👌 The full repository with code available [here](https://github.com/dimabory/dimabory.github.io/tree/gh-pages/src/components/JavaScript30Days) and demos can be reached by the link to [gh-pages](https://dimabory.github.io/#/js30days).👍👍👍
* [Kizito](https://github.com/akhilome/)'s follow along [repo](https://github.com/akhilome/js30) with [completed challenges](https://akhilome.github.io/js30) and [notes](https://akhilome.github.io/js30/notes).
* [VannTile](https://github.com/vanntile)'s [repository](https://github.com/vanntile/JavaScript30) and [GitHub Pages showcase](https://vanntile.github.io/JavaScript30/). Thank you for a great ⌨️ experience.
* [Alex Kim](https://github.com/Alex-K1m/js30-challenge) completed all the challenges. You can check them out at [GitHub pages](https://alex-k1m.github.io/js30-challenge/).
* [Mikhail Thomas](https://github.com/seckela) created [JS30++](https://github.com/seckela/js30plusplus) to add another level of challenge on top of this already great course.
* [Ramon Morcillo](https://github.com/reymon359/JavaScript30) finished this awesome challenge!. You can see the showcase of his implementations on [this link](https://reymon359.github.io/JavaScript30/).
* [Santiago Escobar](https://github.com/sescobar99)'s [repository](https://github.com/sescobar99/javascript30-challenge) and [GitHub Pages showcase](https://sescobar99.github.io/javascript30-challenge/).
* [Harry Xie](https://github.com/a90100/JavaScript30) 紀錄 30 天的練習筆記在 [此連結](https://github.com/a90100/JavaScript30).
* [ Van Ribeiro's ](https://vanribeiro-30daysofjavascript.netlify.app/) about demos and recaps. On [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/vanribeiro/30days-Of-JavaScript) there's a summary about what was learned and researched.
* [Mugilan](https://github.com/Mugilan-Codes) is currently doing this challenge. Check out his [Repo](https://github.com/Mugilan-Codes/javascript-30) and the [Live Demo](https://mugilan-codes.github.io/javascript-30/).
* [Eshan Vohra](https://github.com/eshanvohra) is currently doing this challenge. Check out my repo [here](https://github.com/eshanvohra/JavaScript30).
* [RegusAl](https://github.com/RegusAl) is currently doing this challenge. Check out my repo [here](https://github.com/RegusAl/JavaScript30).
* [Ayush Gupta's](https://javascript30.ayushgupta.tech/) implementation of JavaScript30 challenge with some add-ons & updated design.
* [filipkowal](https://github.com/filipkowal/JS30-05-Flex-Panels-Deactivate) Fix to flex panels (5th  day) so the panels deactivate when clicked on another one.
* [Mo. Saif's](https://github.com/MoSaif00)note on lessons learned and a [gh-pages showcase](https://mosaif00.github.io/30-Days-JavaScript-Challenge/) for the projects.
* [Stiaannel's](https://stiaannel.co.za/my-projects/javascript30) implementation of the Javascript30 challenge, with small design changes and a couple of extra features.
* [Kelly CHI's](https://kellychi22.github.io/JavaScript30/) complete JavaScript30 challenges! Click the links to check demos and notes of each challenge. 🇹🇼 🌟
* [Issam Seghir](https://issam-seghir.github.io/JavaScript30/)  added custom solutions and styles 🍧, improved performance, including fixed bugs/issus 💢. , added articles for each exercise 📝.

## Alternative Implementations
Here are some links of people who have done the tutorials, but in a different language or framework:

* [Thomas Mattacchione](https://github.com/tkjone/clojurescript-30) JavaScript 30 written in ClojureScript.
* [Dave Follett's](https://github.com/davefollett) blog series, [A New Vue on #JavaScript30](https://davefollett.io/categories/a-new-vue-on-javascript30/), where he explores re-implementing #JavaScript30 projects using [Vue](https://vuejs.org).
* [Akinjide Bankole](https://github.com/akinjide/JS30days) used Node.js with [Jade](http://jadelang.net) to solve the exercises.
* [Adrien Poly](https://github.com/adrienpoly/javascript30-stimulus) a modest attempt to convert Drum Kit, Video Player, Local Tapas, TypeHead to [Stimulus JS](https://stimulusjs.org/) framework in a Rails App.
* [Bogdan Lazar](https://github.com/tricinel/TypeScript30) all the JavaScript 30 written in [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/).
* [Will Wager](https://github.com/wwags33/JavaScript30) another [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) implementation!
* [marcoSven](https://github.com/marcoSven) solution suggestion for [10 - Hold Shift and Check Checkboxes](https://github.com/marcoSven/JavaScript30/blob/master/10%20-%20Hold%20Shift%20and%20Check%20Checkboxes/index-FINISHED.html).
* [ALMaclaine](https://github.com/almaclaine) Javascript 30 written in [Dart 2.0](https://github.com/ALMaclaine/Dart30).
* [Connie Leung](https://github.com/railsstudent) Javascript 30 written in [Angular and RxJS](https://github.com/railsstudent/ng-rxjs-30).

## A note on Pull Requests

These are meant to be 1:1 copies of what is done in the video. If you found a better / different way to do things, great, but I will be keeping them the same as the videos.

The starter files + solutions will be updated if/when the videos are updated.

Thanks!

Commit message:

Day 1: Java Script Drum Kit COMPLETE

readme.md, after:

﻿This is a fork of the JavaScript30 course
These are the starter files needed for me to complete the course

![](https://javascript30.com/images/JS3-social-share.png)

# JavaScript30

Starter Files + Completed solutions for the JavaScript 30 Day Challenge.

Grab the course at [https://JavaScript30.com](https://JavaScript30.com)

## Community #JavaScript30 Content

Feel free to submit a PR by adding a link to your own recaps, guides, or reviews!

* [Arjun Khode’s blog](http://thesagittariusme.blogspot.com/search/label/JS30) about summaries for each day, including fixed glitches, bugs and extra features.
* [Nitish Dayal's Text Guides](https://github.com/nitishdayal/JavaScript30) are great for those who like reading over watching.
* [Thorsten Frommen](https://tfrommen.de/tag/javascript-30/) shares how he solved the exercises before viewing the answers.
* [Soyaine 写的中文指南](https://github.com/soyaine/JavaScript30)包含了过程记录和难点解释
* [Aaron的语雀学习小组](https://github.com/A-aronYang/JavaScript30)包含中文文档，案例和相关资料
* [乔木 录制的讲解视频](https://b23.tv/pSa7rdu) 看中文讲解视频一起学习 Javascript30 吧! Javascript30 中 CSS/JS/HTML 视频讲解
* [Ayo Isaiah's](https://freshman.tech/archive/#javascript30) Recaps and Lessons Learned.
* [Adriana Rios](https://stpcollabr8nlstn.github.io/JavaScript30/) shares her alternative solutions.
* [Michael Einsohn](http://30daysofjs.michaeleinsohn.com) publishes each challenge after watching the video once.
* [Mike Ekkel](https://medium.com/@mike_ekkel/javascript-30-a-30-day-vanilla-js-challenge-6a733fc9f62c#.9frjtaje9)
* [Yusef Habib](https://github.com/yhabib/JavaScript30) lessons and tricks learned, and a [gh-page](https://yhabib.github.io/JavaScript30/) to see working all the mini-projects.
* [Amelie Yeh](https://github.com/amelieyeh/JS30) 30 lesson notes with things I've learned, and those important recaps. and directly view my demos [here](https://amelieyeh.github.io/JS30/) 🇹🇼😄
* [Winar](https://github.com/winar-jin/JavaScript30-Challenge)的JavaScript30天挑战，记录练习过程，重难点和其他的解决方案。🎨
* [Rayhatron](https://rayhatron.github.io/blog/) - walkthroughs, recaps, and lessons learned.
* [Andrei Dobra](https://github.com/andreidbr/JS30) Full repo with lessons learned and a [gh-page](https://andreidbr.github.io/JS30/) with all the exercises.
* [从零到壹全栈部落](https://github.com/liyuechun/JavaScript30-liyuechun),春哥发起的从零到壹全栈部落，旨在带领大家一起学习，一起输出，文档化，代码化，中文视频化，全栈部落口号：输出是最好的学习方式。
* [Usmaan Ali's](https://github.com/usyyy/javascript/blob/master/JavaScript30/analysis.md) summary of the technical skills learned from each project. He's also posting them as separate blog posts [here](https://medium.com/@usyyy).
* [Axel](https://github.com/afuh/js30)'s lessons learned and a [showcase](https://afuh.github.io/js30/) with the projects.
* [Chris](https://github.com/dwatow/JavaScript30) 中文實戰，目標描述、過程紀錄。
* [Muhammad D. Ramadhan's](https://miayam.github.io) blog. He shamlesly mixed his personal life with 30 day JavaScript challenge to increase his learning retention. He also summarised the challenge on [one single page](https://miayam.github.io/js30). Do not read his blog!
* [Lee Keitel's Blog](https://blog.keitel.xyz/categories/javascript30/) includes summaries of each lesson, what I learned from each one, and my thoughts about the topic taught and using them in the future.
* [Dustin Hsiao](https://github.com/dustinhsiao21/Javascript30-dustin) 包含了各篇介紹、 效果Demo、各篇詳解及記錄過程，附上部分延伸閱讀及[gh-page](https://dustinhsiao21.github.io/Javascript30-dustin/)。
* [GuaHsu](https://github.com/guahsu/JavaScript30) - 紀錄各篇練習過程與心得，並嘗試擴充部分練習，也做了一個包含全部練習的[介紹站](http://guahsu.io/JavaScript30/)🇹🇼
* [Daniela](https://github.com/misslild)'s completed challenges on [GitHub Pages](https://misslild.github.io/WesBos-30day-Coding-challenge/) and [Codepen](https://codepen.io/collection/DapZeP/) :raised_hands: :muscle: :+1:
* [Dmitrii Pashutskii's](https://github.com/guar47) code of all challenges on [GitHub with Pages](https://github.com/guar47/javascript30Summary) and review [blog posts](https://blog.dpashutskii.com/tag/javascript30/).
* [Abid Hasan's](https://github.com/sabidhasan/javascript-30) completion of all challenges. This was awesome!! Learned so much! :+1:
* [Yusong Notes](https://sky172839465.github.io/course/js30) Records Yusong JS 30 days note and demo. :star2:
* [Ding's Implementation](https://github.com/Ding-Fan/javascript30) code and online demo.
* [Herminio Torres](https://github.com/herminiotorres/JavaScript30) lessons and tricks learned, and a [gh-page](https://herminiotorres.github.io/JavaScript30/) to see working all the mini-projects.
* [Dmytro Borysovskyi](https://github.com/dimabory) says many thanks for the course to Wes 🤝 It was incredible challenge 👌 The full repository with code available [here](https://github.com/dimabory/dimabory.github.io/tree/gh-pages/src/components/JavaScript30Days) and demos can be reached by the link to [gh-pages](https://dimabory.github.io/#/js30days).👍👍👍
* [Kizito](https://github.com/akhilome/)'s follow along [repo](https://github.com/akhilome/js30) with [completed challenges](https://akhilome.github.io/js30) and [notes](https://akhilome.github.io/js30/notes).
* [VannTile](https://github.com/vanntile)'s [repository](https://github.com/vanntile/JavaScript30) and [GitHub Pages showcase](https://vanntile.github.io/JavaScript30/). Thank you for a great ⌨️ experience.
* [Alex Kim](https://github.com/Alex-K1m/js30-challenge) completed all the challenges. You can check them out at [GitHub pages](https://alex-k1m.github.io/js30-challenge/).
* [Mikhail Thomas](https://github.com/seckela) created [JS30++](https://github.com/seckela/js30plusplus) to add another level of challenge on top of this already great course.
* [Ramon Morcillo](https://github.com/reymon359/JavaScript30) finished this awesome challenge!. You can see the showcase of his implementations on [this link](https://reymon359.github.io/JavaScript30/).
* [Santiago Escobar](https://github.com/sescobar99)'s [repository](https://github.com/sescobar99/javascript30-challenge) and [GitHub Pages showcase](https://sescobar99.github.io/javascript30-challenge/).
* [Harry Xie](https://github.com/a90100/JavaScript30) 紀錄 30 天的練習筆記在 [此連結](https://github.com/a90100/JavaScript30).
* [ Van Ribeiro's ](https://vanribeiro-30daysofjavascript.netlify.app/) about demos and recaps. On [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/vanribeiro/30days-Of-JavaScript) there's a summary about what was learned and researched.
* [Mugilan](https://github.com/Mugilan-Codes) is currently doing this challenge. Check out his [Repo](https://github.com/Mugilan-Codes/javascript-30) and the [Live Demo](https://mugilan-codes.github.io/javascript-30/).
* [Eshan Vohra](https://github.com/eshanvohra) is currently doing this challenge. Check out my repo [here](https://github.com/eshanvohra/JavaScript30).
* [RegusAl](https://github.com/RegusAl) is currently doing this challenge. Check out my repo [here](https://github.com/RegusAl/JavaScript30).
* [Ayush Gupta's](https://javascript30.ayushgupta.tech/) implementation of JavaScript30 challenge with some add-ons & updated design.
* [filipkowal](https://github.com/filipkowal/JS30-05-Flex-Panels-Deactivate) Fix to flex panels (5th  day) so the panels deactivate when clicked on another one.
* [Mo. Saif's](https://github.com/MoSaif00)note on lessons learned and a [gh-pages showcase](https://mosaif00.github.io/30-Days-JavaScript-Challenge/) for the projects.
* [Stiaannel's](https://stiaannel.co.za/my-projects/javascript30) implementation of the Javascript30 challenge, with small design changes and a couple of extra features.
* [Kelly CHI's](https://kellychi22.github.io/JavaScript30/) complete JavaScript30 challenges! Click the links to check demos and notes of each challenge. 🇹🇼 🌟
* [Issam Seghir](https://issam-seghir.github.io/JavaScript30/)  added custom solutions and styles 🍧, improved performance, including fixed bugs/issus 💢. , added articles for each exercise 📝.

## Alternative Implementations
Here are some links of people who have done the tutorials, but in a different language or framework:

* [Thomas Mattacchione](https://github.com/tkjone/clojurescript-30) JavaScript 30 written in ClojureScript.
* [Dave Follett's](https://github.com/davefollett) blog series, [A New Vue on #JavaScript30](https://davefollett.io/categories/a-new-vue-on-javascript30/), where he explores re-implementing #JavaScript30 projects using [Vue](https://vuejs.org).
* [Akinjide Bankole](https://github.com/akinjide/JS30days) used Node.js with [Jade](http://jadelang.net) to solve the exercises.
* [Adrien Poly](https://github.com/adrienpoly/javascript30-stimulus) a modest attempt to convert Drum Kit, Video Player, Local Tapas, TypeHead to [Stimulus JS](https://stimulusjs.org/) framework in a Rails App.
* [Bogdan Lazar](https://github.com/tricinel/TypeScript30) all the JavaScript 30 written in [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/).
* [Will Wager](https://github.com/wwags33/JavaScript30) another [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) implementation!
* [marcoSven](https://github.com/marcoSven) solution suggestion for [10 - Hold Shift and Check Checkboxes](https://github.com/marcoSven/JavaScript30/blob/master/10%20-%20Hold%20Shift%20and%20Check%20Checkboxes/index-FINISHED.html).
* [ALMaclaine](https://github.com/almaclaine) Javascript 30 written in [Dart 2.0](https://github.com/ALMaclaine/Dart30).
* [Connie Leung](https://github.com/railsstudent) Javascript 30 written in [Angular and RxJS](https://github.com/railsstudent/ng-rxjs-30).

## A note on Pull Requests

These are meant to be 1:1 copies of what is done in the video. If you found a better / different way to do things, great, but I will be keeping them the same as the videos.

The starter files + solutions will be updated if/when the videos are updated.

Thanks!
